Add CHANGELOG for v0.6 (#104)
turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-insights: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.6 [2022-06-01]

_Enhancements_

> - Add link to `AWS EBS Volume Detail` and `AWS VPC Security Group Detail` dashboards in `AWS EC2 Instance Detail` dashboard. ([#102](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-insights/pull/102))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added links in `AWS EBS Volume Detail` and `AWS VPC Security Group Detail` dashboards to `AWS EC2 Instance Detail` dashboard. ([#102](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-insights/pull/102))
```
